
One beautiful day, in the far off forests of the edge of the world, there was a Spanner Tooltip. He was having his British tea when Clown Acy stormed in. "We have a dire situation on our hands, dear king!" he said as fast as he could. "The Russians are at our gates, they can not hold much longer!". Clown Acy had ran all the way accross the town, to bring this message. He was fatigued and panting from it, so much that he had difficulty getting a word out of his mouth. "Our army is out there fighting, but I believe we must get help from the kingdom of Retronium in order to fend the Russians off". Spanner looked very concerned. He had predicted the Russians would attack them at some point, but he had not time to prepare properly yet. "Prepare the cannons, we must hold out a little while, I will give the queen a visit, after I talk to my wife. She must help strike peace with Cinossu, else we will lose". Clown Acy was not happy with this plan at all. "But, what if they decline, what if they get angry at you? We must have a better plan or we doom our fate" Clown Acy said angrily. "Silence you, now, go get the cannons and the men ready!" Spanner shouted. Clown Acy left, but not without a vile look of disgust.

Spanner walked to meet Ayla. She was sleeping on a nearby tree, which is her favourite spot of the whole kingdom. Spanner did not want to wake her up, but he had no choice. He poked Ayla's nose, and she soon woke up. She was very angry she was woken, but after a little back-and-forth, she agreed to come along. And so, they took the fastest horse, fed it, and left out in the back. The Russians were not aware the town had a secret exit, through a small cave. Spanner took advantage of this path.

Meanwhile. Clown Acy had reached the army commander, Ordeus Alpheus. He was angrily shouting at 2 army men. Dandaman and Selbi were shaking in their boots, fearful for their lives, whoever were to take it. Clown Acy, now panting even more, was hesitant to say anything, so he awkwardly waited, watching those poor men get treated poorly. "I told you to sharpen the swords for them Russmen, not to bend them out of shape! We are low on swords, we can not afford to render any of them unusable! Go and fix this shit, or I will beat you with these useless swords!" shouted to commander. "Now, go and do it you bastards!". Dandaman and Selbi ran away with the swords. "Uhhh, the king said to prepare the cannons, and he is on his way to kingdom of Retronium to get their help, sir!" said Clown Acy, with a scared look on his face. "What a motherfucker... I knew crowning him was a huge mistake from day 1. If only everyone else could see his flawed character. But I guess I don't have a choice now." said Ordeus, with hand on his forehead.

As the night fell onto the land, Spanner and Ayla were at the gates of Retronium. The guards were hesitant to let them through, but Spanner was able to convince them. They sat down in a small dining room, on the opposing side of a long table. Cinossu soon joined them, sitting down and ordering some food. He was clearly upset at them coming so late, but ready to entertain them for a second. "Ok so look, we are basically fucked, the Russians are attacking our main town. We need your help, sir Cinossu. Can you help us?" pleaded Spanner. "Well, they are going for us next if we don't stop them, so maybe it is in our best interest. But, that will be hard on our economy as well. Tell you what, I will help you, if you do one small favour." Cinossu said. "Fuck my daughter. I do not trust these try-hard scumbags around here to take her virginity, and she needs some experience. Oh, and, let me fuck Ayla, too" he said with a grin on his face.

Spanner and Ayla went to bed prepared for them to think of it overnight. It seemed like an absurd request to make, but at the same time, they would get screwed by the Russians otherwise. Ayla absolutely did not want to agree, but Spanner felt he had no choices. They slept the night very poorly. In the morning, Spanner woke up early, to have a tea with Cinossu, while Ayla kept sleeping. "Alright, I will do this, if you tell your men to leave for Hacking Contestium right now. My men may wait no longer." said Spanner to Cinossu. Cinossu nodded and whispered something to his servant, who nodded and left. "They will be there by the midsun today." he said looking at Spanner. "Well, I think doing the favour as soon as possible is the best. Get it done with..." said Spanner and sipped the rest of his tea. then he went to wake Ayla up. Ayla did not want to wake up yet. She was very sleepy and did not want to do her end of the deal. However, Spanner forced her to wake up and go to Cinossu. Meanwhile, Spanner went to Super Egg's room.

Cinossu was sitting on his throne only with his boxers on and his right hand in there. Ayla looked sad walking towards him. She did not like any of this. "Sit on my lap, will ya" told Cinossu. "I promise not to be too rough" he said as he wrapped an arm around Ayla, to help her get seated. "There, are you ready?" asked Cinossu. Ayla nodded reluctantly. Cinossu started rubbing her arm softly, while she looked away. He softly moved from her arm to her chest, feeling the small nipples on his palm. Ayla closed her eyes, trying to stay calm and not show any signs of pleasure, while Cinossu softly rubbed her boobs. She had much harder time keeping it in, wishing she was not there. Finally, Cinossu stopped teasing her tits, and slowly took out her dress, pressing her back against his chest, looking down at her small titties...

Meanwhile, Spanner was at Super Egg's room, preparing. He stripped all his clotches off, and looked awkwardly at Super Egg. She seemed very interested in what Spanner had between his legs, but was clearly shy. Spanner sat on her bed and patted it. Super Egg sat next to him and took off her shirt. Spanner blushed and peered over Super Egg's small tits. She leaned over to him and Spanner rubbed her back softly. Super Egg softly grabbed Spanner's hardened cock and started licking it. Spanner blushed even more and closed his eyes. Super Egg kept going, deeper and deeper, liking the taste of this new cock. Spanner felt quilty about having to do this, but also pleasurable. He could not resist it in the end. Super Egg sucked more while making moaning noises, and Spanner started moaning a little too. Then he finally lifted Super Egg's face and kissed her softly while fondling her boobs. They kept kissing and Spanner softly rubber her boobs first, then belly, and finally crotch, feeling her getting wetter...

Cinossu put his hand softly on top of Ayla, softly rubbing her pussy. She softly moaned, and leaned on closer. Cinossu put his hand deeper in to rub nicely. "Jut put it in already" said Ayla. Cinossu sighed, pulled down his boxers, and slowly inserted his penis into Ayla, and started thrusting. He grabbed her tits and rubbed them more, while pushing deeper inside her. Ayla moaned softly and held tight on the arms of the throne, feeling Cinossu's big and hard cock inside of her tight pussy. Cinossu started to thrust harder and deeper, moaning more and holding tighter to Ayla, who also started to moan more and feel good. Soon, Cinossu came insider of her pussy, filling it up with his thick juice. In order to help her cum too, Cinossu start rubbing her tits and clit with his hands, making her moan even harder. Soon after, Ayla came all over Cinossu's dick. Cinossu lifted her on the ground, "Lick it clean." he demanded...

Spanner put his dick in Super Egg's butt. She shook her butt to arouse Spanner even more. He started thrusting slowly, and Super Egg softly rubbed her clit while moaning. Spanner started doing it faster, and turned around to do it the doggy style. They both moaned, with each stroke going deeper, Super Egg getting wetter, and rubbing harder and harder. It did not take long at all for Spanner to cum. Spanner kept going for a little while, and soon Super Egg would cum too, messing up the floor really badly. They both lied down to pant. "T-that was awesome" Spanner said. "Y-y-yeah, i-it was" Super Egg said with a smile on his face. After they had gotten themselves together, they went to the dining room to get some food.

Ayla and Cinossu were already eating, but Ayla looked very dissatistified. Spanner and Super Egg sat down next to each other. "You should go Spanner, the troops will soon be at your gates" said Cinossu. "Uhhh sure, let me just eat something really quickly" said Spanner with a blush still on his face. Spanner ate and then left with the horse. Ayla also left, but not with Spanner. Cinossu got drunk and passed out soon after...

Kingdom of Retronium and kingdom of Hacking Contestium successfully defeated the Russmen and peace was once again upon the kingdoms, first time in a half century. Ayla was never seen since she left. Cinossu died from a liver disease 2 weeks after the war. Spanner was elected king of Retronium, now a bigger and more powerful kingdom.  Super Egg and Spanner got married 3 months later and have been happily together since.

