One beautiful day, Selbi was bored and lonely, so he decided to call his old pal, Markeyjester. He asked if he could meet MarkeyJester, who of course approved of it! Soon after Selbi got in a flight to United Kingdom. MarkeyJester, however, was not home, for some reason MarkeyJester wasnt home even if he so advertized! What a bastard! Selbi, althought a quite pissed off, called Spanner, asking if he was home. Spanner and Selbi got into a fierce argument somehow, and Selbi even called Spanner a tool, to which he responded by saying thatd be accurate. Selbi took a deep sigh and took a flight back to Germany. Fucking Britfags, right?!

Selbi went to bitch about Spanner and Markeyjester at his other pals house. Sonicvaan and Selbi talked for long time, even late to night. As Selbi was about to leave, Sonicvaan finally got the courage to kiss him. It was really awkward but hot. Selbi felt extremely shy and wanted to avoid the situation at first, but when Sonicvaan insisted with the kisses he let into it and settled on the couch. They cuddled and kissed more, until at sometime later Sonicvaan softly grabbed Selbis butt, and both blushed hard, ending up touching each other very inappropriately.

They start to slowly undress each other. Before they know it, they are both naked and staring at each others hardened cocks, with almost red faces of blush. More kissing and soft touching occurs, slowly but surely on each others dicks. This of course as time goes, transforms into groping and rubbing and ultimately jerking off on each other. Sonicvaan suggested putting his dick into Selbis butt, as he had wished to do for years. However Selbi was really inexperienced with buttstuff, so they decided to just suck on each other.

Selbi got ready to cum really fast, while Sonicvaan could hold much longer. He let Selbi to cum on his face and keep on sucking for tease, while Selbi started to pant making it harder for him to suck off Sonicvaan. He did however succeed eventually, filling up his throat with Sonicvaans jizz. They both panted and fell asleep shortly, still cocks in their mouth.

Selbi woke up early at morning, as he uses to do, and looked at all the mess he and Sonicvaan made. He carefully got his mouth away from Sonicvaans still hardened cock, put clothes on and left. He was relieved as he didnt wake Sonicvaan up, and with a huge blush he walked to the bus station to take a bus back home.

On the way back, he couldnt help but to think about their experience. It felt odd and really tempting, but Selbi was afraid and shy. Not too long after Selbi finally reached home, and jumped right onto computer. For his unfortune Sonicvaan was at IRC already and messaged Selbi about him leaving before he woke up. Selbi was at loss for words, so he tried to make up some bullshit to cover his fear. Sonicvaan saw through his bluff however, and asked him why he is lying, to which Selbi sighed loudly and told the reason. Sonicvaan convinced him its all right and hed be gentle, and Selbi agreed to drop by later.

Where will this adventure lead? What will happen next? Find out next time, on Selbi erotic storytime!!!
