*Rants from our dear USSR forums*
You know like, fuck Ordos right? What a huge cock he is. I can't understand how anyone can like that cuck. He comes once in every 10 years on the forums, says something insulting, then goes back hiding in his mancave, to work or some weird shit like that. Like serious, he should just keep to the backend of the forums, and not even bother trying with the frontend, because clearly he is unintelligent and unopposed when he tries to say anything worth a shit. Yet people like this guy, like holy shit whats wrong with you assholes? Anyway, this gay faggot comes up from his grave only to haunt us every so often, so whatever.

But the fuck is wrong with Spanner? Seriously, he is like a tool, and he is pestering us at all times. What a bunch of shit right? Like holy shit, SHC this, SHC that, like who gives a fuck? I didn't do my hack I worked on for months so just I can submit it to the SHC, not at all, SHC was an afterthought! Please piss off, also you never post anything interesting and instead only pester people, grow up, etc.

Though, its not all bad, RSH is pretty nice.

Also while we speak not of staff at all times, lets talk about Qjimbo. Like holy shit dude, I get it that you are popular and shit, but at least visit us once in a lifetime man D=

Also wat do Selbi, you still haven't helped me with the post for my hack, clearly you are away too much at once to help me... Oh and also, wtf is up with all that German shit. Get the nazis outta here!

Ah uh... Russians. Fuck Vladikcomper. Fuck Mr Cat. Fuck all teh Egors. Fuck TheBlad. Fuck jkfox. Fuck TN. Fuck all the other idiot Russians on their crappy forums. You are all stupid content stealing whores and should keep to your slice of the internet and it only. Steal all the overstolen shit on your forums anyway. Except Vladikcomper. I love Vladikcomper. Marry me hun?

Shoutouts have to go for my pals, Bakabaka, Rala, Joe the Hoe, Loogy, TSB, VAda, KoH, GF, KitKat and speedy. Long live Owarisoft!
